hey what's going on it's lisa here raw
food for kids hope you're having a super
awesome day I sure AM and last couple
days she's been keeping it real simple
and I needed to make a video so I wanted
to do something special for you guys so
I thought of a Viennese sandwich that is
just awesome it's very very popular I
probably not pronouncing right so
someone knows the crupper NCAA shin it's
a band me I think it's it's called
you'll know what it is when I start
making it but it's a real traditional
via MIDI sandwich and normally it's got
some kind of meat product in it or tofu
or something but in this case I'm just
going to stop the sandwich full of a
nice vegetables and everything so check
this out it's a typically this
vietnamese sandwich is got carrots in it
um if I store had icon I would have
gotten carrots and daikon but I'm using
carrots I got some thinly sliced
radishes I have a little mandolin but if
you don't have a mandolin just slice all
these really thin the carrot site i
shredded so nice thin will shrimp I've
got some a cucumber thinly sliced I've
got a fresh mint fresh cilantro those
are the herbs and then for the sandwich
part for my for my bread typically it's
made with a like cut one was like a
baguette bread but I thought would work
out really nice and be a little more
sturdy so we could really pack is full
of vegetables and some sauce we're going
to make a chili lime mango sauce to go
on it um I used some napa cabbage so I
got the napa cabbage and then the ribs
are really pretty I don't know you don't
really want to eat them they're kind of
hard so what I do is I just kind of
chopped off the rib part and I'll say
that for for something else but they say
this is going to be my sandwich it's
gonna be by my bread here and it's nice
and Harvey so um let's make the sauce
first and i'm sure i'd put together i
mean this is
very simple the amounts I mean you just
cut up as much vegetables as you want to
put in your sandwich and the sauce here
I've got about a half of a really large
mango if you use a lot of champagne or
honey megas probably from one or two
hands on a sauce you like generally of
the condiments on the sandwich or
mayonnaise like a chili like a chili
sauce is typically put on there so I
thought to kind of make it like a chili
sauce I do some a little bit of a Fresno
chili so I've got one of these it's
about the same heat as a holic pina so
whatever pepper you want to the
spiciness I took out the ribs point that
all in there instead of using honey or
agave or anything I'm going to use this
mango as my sweetness and then the juice
of a half of line these lines haven't
been very juicy so I'm going to put in
three fourths of a line because that's
what I've got it's really to taste you
want the acidity to balance out the
sweetness you could also just do chili
and lime in here and then just squeeze
some I have a lot of front lemon squeeze
some lemon over top or some more lime
this is going to be the sauce and I want
it to be kind of thick the mango is
going to make it really nice because
again when you use all these vegetables
and they're full of water and everything
you want something that's going to stay
on your sandwich all right so just pray
this up
yeah but one more piece of mango to make
it yeah pretty color whoa I can smell
that holy moly yeah let's make sure
i'm not gonna kill us oh man that's the
perfect balance that's awesome oh that's
really good yummy so check this out all
you do eating healthy is very simple and
you can eat great food this is fat-free
full of flavor you just want to take one
of your little bread here and fill up
I'm able to do the carrots put some
carrots in there mmm put some cucumber
and some radishes here no and I thought
about maybe pickling some of the
vegetables but you know you can do that
too but I just want to do something
quick and easy put some fresh mint in
there the herbs are going to give it
such a nice flavor no I check this out
that might look awesome that what am I
missing if i call that on there and then
the sauce how thick that is that could
lob with that on there oh man Mamma Mia
look at that given nice sandwich but
sure top on their band me that's what
i'm calling i'm probably pronouncing it
wrong but that's what I'm gonna call and
you could even cut this if you wanted to
let's see if I can
yeah once after dinner go get yourself
some of these ingredients and put it
together are you doing put in together
so that I live also and take a bite mmm
totally holds together it should work
out better and then Romanian leaves or
something like that it's almost or you
Oh ma'am mmm delicious a sauce because
it's such a good play with the herbs
excellent but it's stuff it as big as
you want because many of these as you
want so anyway hope you enjoy this one
remember always eating happy foods happy
for you to make you feel good I just
wanted to mention that Jen I've been
really working it hard to the gym lately
and one thing that we notice is that
which is pushing ourselves as hard as we
can wear our muscles are fatigued to the
end of the workout but we both noticed
that we haven't been that sore now I can
only imagine that it's from from eating
this way the fruits and vegetables just
helping to flush things out and and keep
you go and keep the recovery time down
so that's one thing that we both notice
so you know if you into working out you
know try to clean things up get the raw
foods in you because I'm telling you we
just feel amazing each day that we go to
the gym and and we're pushing it so
anyway please describe these videos
thank you so much for watching and leave
me a comment give me a thumbs up if you
like any of the recipes and I'll talk to
you real soon take care have a great
night